c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\QuanLyKho.exe
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\QuanLyKho.pdb
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v17.1.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Dashboard.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Images.v17.1.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Map.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraMap.v17.1.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeMap.v17.1.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v17.1.Win.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpo.v17.1.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.TreeMap.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Charts.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v17.1.Presets.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.CodeParser.v17.1.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Dashboard.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.xml
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.xml
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.xml
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.xml
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.xml
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.xml
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Map.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.xml
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraMap.v17.1.xml
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.xml
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeMap.v17.1.xml
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v17.1.Win.xml
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpo.v17.1.xml
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.TreeMap.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v17.1.Presets.xml
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.xml
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.xml
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Dashboard.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Dashboard.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Dashboard.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Dashboard.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Map.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Map.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Map.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Map.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpo.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpo.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpo.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpo.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v17.1.Presets.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v17.1.Presets.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v17.1.Presets.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v17.1.Presets.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\obj\Debug\QuanLyKho.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\obj\Debug\QuanLyKho.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\obj\Debug\QuanLyKho.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\obj\Debug\QuanLyKho.exe.licenses
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\obj\Debug\QuanLyKho.exe
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\obj\Debug\QuanLyKho.pdb
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\obj\Debug\QuanLyKho.Login.resources
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.xml
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v17.1.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v17.1.xml
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\minhbq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\obj\Debug\QuanLyKho.FormMain.resources
C:\Users\MinhBQ\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\obj\Debug\QuanLyKho.FormQLNhanVien.resources
C:\Users\MinhBQ\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\obj\Debug\QuanLyKho.FormQLDSNhanVien.resources
C:\Users\MinhBQ\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\obj\Debug\QuanLyKho.FormQLHangHoa.resources
C:\Users\MinhBQ\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\obj\Debug\QuanLyKho.FormQLTonKho.resources
C:\Users\MinhBQ\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\obj\Debug\QuanLyKho.UCMainAdministrator.resources
C:\Users\MinhBQ\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\QuanLyKho.exe.config
C:\Users\MinhBQ\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DataAccess.dll
C:\Users\MinhBQ\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\bin\Debug\DataAccess.pdb
C:\Users\MinhBQ\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\obj\Debug\QuanLyKho.FormXuatBanHang.resources
C:\Users\MinhBQ\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\obj\Debug\QuanLyKho.FormDMDonViTinh.resources
C:\Users\MinhBQ\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\obj\Debug\QuanLyKho.FormQLDMTaiKhoan.resources
C:\Users\MinhBQ\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\obj\Debug\QuanLyKho.FormDMLoaiHang.resources
C:\Users\MinhBQ\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyKho\QuanLyKho\obj\Debug\QuanLyKho.FormSubNhapKho.resources
